(Episode 21)
Yes, hello?
Is this Lawyer Lee Yu Beom?
The lawyer who got Kang Dae Hee acquitted.
Yes, who is this?
Are you recording this call right now?
No, I'm not. Why do you ask?
You don't need to know.
I'd like to consult you about an urgent matter.
Then please make an appointment for tomorrow.
It will be too late by then.
Make some time for me now.
Look, who do you think you are to...
I'm writer Moon Tae Min.
I own four of your novels.
I would've brought them had I known I'd be seeing you today.
I'd love to get them signed by you.
Shall we get right to the point?
I'm starting to work on a new novel,
and I need to consult a lawyer.
My gosh, what an honor.
Is the protagonist a lawyer?
No.
A killer.
A killer?
What does that killer do for a living?
He's a writer and a professor.
A writer who's a professor.
Like you, right?
Why did you say that?
My apologies. All right.
Please tell me the storyline you're thinking of in detail.
The story begins at the writer's book launch party.
("Youth, Cheering for the Spring")
Gosh, thank you for coming.
- Yes. - This essay...
is about youth, which is a topic you've never written about before.
Did anything particular spark your interest in the topic?
As you know, I'm a writer, but I also teach students.
I couldn't stop thinking about those...
who are studying under difficult circumstances.
That's why I decided to donate 100 percent of my book sales...
to scholarship funds.
Yes, thank you.
(The Truth about Professor Moon Tae Min)
It looks like one of your students has a surprise gift for you.
Hello, I'm standing here before all of you today...
to reveal the truth about the man of the hour,
Professor Moon Tae Min.
This picture was used in the cover of our school magazine recently.
Professor Moon said he wants to jump with us until his knees break.
That afternoon,
we had to help him move until our knees failed us.
There's more. We even had to drive his son to school and pick him up...
and worked as parking attendants at his daughter's wedding.
- Using the thesis as... - Are you crazy?
- What are you doing right now? - Come down.
I want to disclose all of his wrongdoings...
- It's not true! - We apologize.
- I hurt my right arm due to him. - Stop it already!
- Move. No photos, please. - Why can't we take photos?
I criticized his thesis quite harshly.
I guess he'd been holding grudges because of it.
Are you drunk?
This is unacceptable even for a drunken rampage.
No, I'm completely sober now.
I guess you don't want to be published.
It looks like you want to leave this field for good.
That's right. I don't need to be published.
All I've learned is how to polish your shoes and clean your car.
What's the point of getting published?
I'm here as a teaching assistant, not as your slave.
You little...
I'm recording this conversation.
Go ahead and treat me the way you always do.
You rat.
How dare you!
Die, you punk!
What's this sound?
So out of anger, he strangled his teaching assistant,
who ended up falling through the elevator shaft due to the rebound.
Were there any witnesses?
I'm not sure.
He doesn't think that anyone witnessed it,
but there's one thing that bothers him.
He found a kid's hat on the floor,
but he's not sure whether it was already there,
or if someone dropped it when the incident took place.
What happened to the teaching assistant?
He got his head hurt, so he's fallen into a coma.
He's in the ICU, and all he can do is breathe.
We can't really say that he's alive.
Are you saying he's brain-dead?
Let's get the terminology straight first.
The protagonist of this story...
is not a killer.
The Criminal Code doesn't classify those who are brain-dead as dead.
Only cases of cardiac death are considered deaths.
Is that right?
It can be considered personal injury caused by negligence,
but even that's not really appropriate.
He could be deemed not guilty.
- Not guilty? - That's right.
If the protagonist and his lawyer come up with a good plan together,
he may be deemed not guilty.
You think so? That's great.
It looks like I came to the right person.
Bring me some coffee.
Is it because I feel relaxed now? I'm suddenly craving caffeine.
All of my staff have left for the day. We can go somewhere for coffee.
We need to awaken our brains in order to craft a plan.
It looks like you need to improve your firm's customer service.
Goodness, how can I provide better customer service than this?
What? What did you just say?
Let's be honest. You abused your power and killed that poor student.
Now, you're asking me to get you acquitted.
Know your place because you're a criminal now.
How dare you expect me to bring you coffee?
Hey, Lawyer Lee.
Your life is in my hands now.
In other words, I have more power than you.
Get your attitude straight.
If I talk to you nicely, you should do the same.
Don't forget that you're a criminal and behave yourself!
Repeat after me.
"Please help me, Lawyer Lee."
Please help me, Lawyer Lee.
Good. That was good.
Now, I feel motivated to work on the plan with you,
Mr. Moon.
I think that writer, Moon Tae Min, is a very scary person.
One of his teaching assistants caused a scene at his book launch,
saying that he wants to disclose all of his bad deeds,
but I could tell exactly what has been going on.
He has probably been abusing his power like crazy...
over his teaching assistants, using their grades as an excuse.
Gosh, I was a fan of his. I'm so disappointed.
All right, good. You interviewed his teaching assistant, right?
I was going to, but there was an accident.
What kind of accident?
I heard that he got drunk and fell through an elevator shaft.
He's in a coma now.
Of course it involves alcohol. Goodness.
Hey, newbie. Come here.
Everyone must be quite hungry. Go to the convenience store...
and pick up snacks that you like.
I want a fish cake bar.
I'm telling you. This hierarchical culture needs to be uprooted.
Being older doesn't give you all the power in the world.
How can you treat your co-worker like your servant?
You're talking to me, right?
No, I was talking about Mr. Moon.
Why, Du Hyun? Did it sound like I was talking about you?
Do you feel guilty?
No. Why would I...
Why are you holding my credit card?
Let's continue along with the meeting. Yes, thanks.
(Seogu University Hospital)
Are you ready to check out?
Yes, I'm almost ready to leave.
You guys came together.
You got the ring, right?
Yes.
Oh, we ran into each other in front of the hospital.
What? Have you decided to talk casually to each other?
Yes, it sort of happened.
Does that mean we can talk like that too?
No, we can't.
What is that based on?
You two talk like friends, and so do you guys.
But the two of you can't?
Gosh, cut it out. You brought my work ID card, right?
Of course. Here you go.
(Jung Jae Chan, Supreme Prosecutors' Office)
You see this, right? I am a prosecutor.
Yes, you are indeed.
What? That's it? You don't have anything else to say to me?
"I'm sorry for the misunderstanding. I apologize for doubting you."
Shouldn't you say something like that?
Why are you being like this? Don't be so childish.
Yes, please stop. You're starting to embarrass me.
I'm sorry for doubting you.
But since you're a prosecutor, you shouldn't get the provisions...
in the Criminal Code mixed up...
or pester people to believe that you're a prosecutor...
when you don't even have any ID on you.
Pester... Hey, how dare you!
- You little... - Gosh, just let him go.
Everything he said is right.
Oh, that's right. He reminds me of you.
From how rude he is to the way he looks, he's just like you as a kid.
Stop spewing nonsense!
My gosh. Hey, kid!
Hey, kid.
Doctor, we need help here. A kid just fainted. Doctor!
(Intensive Care Unit)
What happened to him?
Is he okay?
Yes. He's getting emergency dialysis now, so he'll be okay.
Dialysis?
Yes, he's suffering from chronic renal failure.
He's been receiving dialysis for five years.
I think he has a lot of toxins built up inside. He's quite swollen too.
For five years? He's so young though.
We're running out of veins to puncture.
A transplant is the only way to cure him,
but we can't find any donor. It's very frustrating.
I shouldn't have let him drink.
I'm really sorry.
He never caused any trouble when he got drunk in the past.
I had no idea that he'd get himself into an accident like this.
Gosh, please don't apologize.
You took time out of your busy schedule to come here.
I really appreciate it.
Please don't say that. Of course I should visit him.
He's my favorite student.
Thank you.
Oh, Doctor. Hwan's surgery went well, right?
His brain was already severely damaged when he got here.
He couldn't even breathe on his own.
You should mentally prepare yourself for the worst-case scenario.
Gosh.
My gosh, Mr. Lee. Mr. Lee.
Chan Ho.
Mommy is here.
Chan Ho...
(Episode 21: To Die or to be Bad)
Thanks for the ride.
Where will you stay while you recover? Will you just stay home?
Or will you stay at Hong Joo's place like I did?
He should stay home, of course.
Why inconvenience other people when he has a home?
And you are fully recovered.
You're feeling great, right?
No, I'm not feeling great.
I'm not fully recovered yet. It still hurts here.
Then you should stay at my place for a few days like Woo Tak did.
I'll look after...
Gosh, no. That'd be too shameless.
Woo Tak deserved to be looked after you,
- but Jae Chan doesn't. - Why not?
Did you get injured while trying to rescue Hong Joo like Woo Tak did?
Well, no. But I was...
Do you live alone like Woo Tak does?
No, I live with you. But I'm...
You're not that useful.
- That's why... - I'll try to be useful.
Let me look after you, okay?
Thanks for everything today, guys.
Let's go, Jae Chan. Don't inconvenience them anymore.
Hey, Seung Won.
Let's go to my place.
I've experienced this, so I'm sure I'll be better than you.
You're okay with staying at my place, right?
Well, shall I?
- Jae Chan, Jae Chan. - Bye.
Jae Chan, wait. Jae Chan.
Why can't he take a hint?
Don't you think you're the one who can't take a hint?
What did I do?
They found out that they had actually met 13 years ago.
Just leave them alone so that they can catch up.
Thank you.
I'm sorry you went through that.
I'll look after Prosecutor Jung.
You should go tidy up your room.
He needs to take his medication and...
I'll make sure he takes his medication. Go tidy up your room.
If he sees your room, he'll get disgusted and faint.
It's not even messy.
This abalone porridge is really good.
How long are you planning on staying here?
Two days will be enough, right?
Oh, yes. That's definitely enough.
Where did it go?
I know that I put it somewhere here.
He'll be so disappointed if he finds out that I lost it.
Can I come in?
Yes, come in.
Gosh, it's a lot messier than I imagined it to be.
No, no. It's usually not this messy.
I was just looking for something.
What?
You don't need to know.
Sit here. Let me take your temperature.
Okay.
Well...
Hong Joo, do you not like the ring I gave you?
I do. I really like it.
Then why don't you wear it?
I'm worried about what my co-workers might think,
and my mom might also get the wrong idea if she sees it.
I'll wear it when I'm just with you.
Promise me.
Okay.
The fever is almost gone.
I'll dress your wound for you tomorrow morning.
You sound like a doctor now.
I got some practice with Woo Tak, you know.
Did you take his temperature and dress his wound too?
Yes.
Why do you ask? Does it bother you?
Are you jealous? Is that it?
No, not at all. Not even one bit.
You didn't have to deny it so strongly.
Hong Joo, what are you doing?
You're keeping him up. Come out already.
All right.
Good night. Tell me if you need anything.
Okay, thanks.
Why isn't your fever going down?
It must be because you make my heart flutter.
Your abs are rock-hard. How did the knife even penetrate them?
Stop it. You're tickling me.
I'll teach you a lesson.
- Don't do that. - You guys are being ridiculous.
Gosh, seriously. I shouldn't have come here.
Goodness, I should've just stayed home.
Mom, have you seen my ring by any chance?
The one Jae Chan gave me as a gift.
No, I haven't. Did you lose it?
I know I put it on my dressing table, but I can't find it.
Why are you applying it so carefully? You're just going to bed.
Just slap it on and go to sleep.
No, my skin is overly sensitive these days. What if I break out?
Jae Chan is staying with us too.
I heard that you and Prosecutor Jung had actually met 13 years ago.
Do you feel more attached to him now that you know about it?
Why? Do you want me to feel more attached to him?
No, I don't want that to happen.
Well, we might get closer. You never know.
And with time, we might...
No, I don't want that.
I don't want you guys to get closer even later on.
Hello.
We checked what you asked us to look into.
Your son did register his consent to be an organ donor.
See? I knew it.
You should be proud of your son.
Hwan, did you hear that?
Your doctor complimented you.
Please let us know when you decide on the date.
The day after tomorrow.
It's...
his...
birthday.
Okay.
Kidney donation?
It hasn't been confirmed yet,
but there's a brain-dead patient who can be a donor.
We'll have to do the antibody test first. If the types match,
Chan Ho will be able to get a kidney transplant.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
What are you talking about?
Gosh... Who killed my son?
You said that scumbag killed my son.
We can't get him because no autopsy was done?
How can the law be so unfair?
What should we do, Robin?
Gosh, how should I bring it up to him?
Just to catch that one man, you killed...
You killed seven people.
Tell me. Is this the kind of justice you believe in?
Do you think this is just?
[VIU Ver] E21 While You Were Sleeping "To Die or to be Bad"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What should I tell him?
Stop sighing. Do you hate recycling that much or what?
Did something happen?
I had a bad dream.
I was thinking about how I should bring it up.
What? Me too.
Was it about Jae Chan by any chance?
Yes. You too?
Yes. Did you also see him quitting his job?
You saw that too?
Yes.
It's cold.
What are they doing there? Why aren't they coming in?
We should tell Jae Chan. It'll happen to him.
What will change if we tell him?
There's nothing he can change even if he knows about it in advance.
He'll at least be able to run away from it.
Then what? Someone else will have to deal with it if he runs away.
Will you run away knowing that? Do you think you can do it?
- No. - Jae Chan is like you.
He won't run away if he knows about it.
So, you better not tell him.
I'll make him run away.
How?
The bus is here.
Aren't we getting on?
No, I'm not going to work.
I'll skip work today.
Why?
Because it's an unbelievably gorgeous day.
There's no fine dust. And you're off too.
I don't want to work on a day like this.
So? Where do you want to go?
Du Hyun, I'm sorry.
I'm using my vacation day today because the weather is so nice.
The nice weather must've made her lose her mind.
What is wrong with Hong Joo?
Darn it.
Did you pull another all-nighter?
Yes.
Hasn't everyone in our department been pulling all-nighters?
To cover for someone.
Hey, it's not like Mr. Jung wants to take a hiatus.
I'm sure he knows how much work we have to do to cover for him.
Then he should come back soon.
I'm sure he's uncomfortable about taking time off too.
That poor guy.
Hey.
Come here. Let's take a selfie together.
Gosh, amazing. That's such a great photo.
My gosh! We look so cute in it.
My goodness, you're too cute.
My cutie-pie, you're so adorable.
- You're just too cute, my puppy. - I know, right?
- My gosh, that's so cute! - Does it look good?
Yes, it's really cute. Oh, my.
What an eyesore, don't you think?
- Let's take another one. - Actually, I brought you flowers.
Seriously? I'm so touched. My gosh.
- Thank you. - How beautiful.
Where did you go? Get back in the frame.
Come closer.
This is for you.
I can't even tell you apart from the flowers.
You like beer. It's made from this.
Right, thanks.
Hey, where are you going?
Shall we go to the beach tomorrow?
It's been at least five years since I last saw the ocean.
I'll be going back to work tomorrow though.
Just skip it, like I did today.
Will something happen to me tomorrow?
What?
What are you talking about?
I overheard your conversation with Woo Tak this morning.
You said you saw something in your dream.
Just tell me. Why do you want me to run away?
You must make a choice,
a very difficult one.
If what I saw in my dream actually happens,
you'll do an inspection as soon as you return to work tomorrow.
A brain-dead patient who supposedly got a head injury in an accident.
But during your inspection,
you find out that his injury was not caused by an accident.
It wasn't an accident?
Does that mean somebody hurt him intentionally?
Yes. So, you decide to do an autopsy...
and end up catching the culprit.
Then what's the problem?
That brain-dead victim...
pledged to be an organ donor.
Because you decide to do an autopsy,
he can no longer donate his organs.
So, seven patients who have been waiting on transplants...
Do they die?
Yes.
The shock from that makes you...
quit your job as a prosecutor.
What if I don't do the autopsy?
Wouldn't I be able to catch the culprit without it?
Woo Tak had a dream too,
and that's what you did in his dream.
You chose to give up the autopsy...
so that you can save the seven people's lives, but...
(Hakdong Kindergarten)
The culprit gets acquitted with an innocent verdict...
as the cause of death...
can't be conclusively determined without an autopsy.
The victim's father resents you a lot for everything,
so after beating yourself up...
I quit my job as a prosecutor.
Yes.
Any information on the victim? You don't know who he is?
I didn't see him in my dream.
If I do the autopsy, seven people will die.
If I forgo it, I'll save seven people's lives,
but the culprit gets off scot-free.
Hence, whether I do the autopsy or not,
I'll end up leaving the prosecution.
I guess you wanted me to run away...
because I'll regret either way.
Gosh, that's really awful.
Indeed. It is really awful.
Let's go to the beach tomorrow.
- Seriously? - Yes.
I want to run away.
Okay, we'll go.
I know that I'm being a coward, but I still want to run away.
I don't want to leave the prosecution for the life of me.
Right, I'm sure you don't want to quit.
Then what? Someone else will have to deal with it if he runs away.
Will you run away knowing that? Do you think you can do it?
Of course. I can totally do that.
Jae Chan is like you. He won't run away if he knows about it.
Wrong. I will run away.
Whether it gets dumped on someone or not, I don't care.
Woo Tak and I are essentially different.
My conscience has such low standards.
That's good.
We must know our places.
Excuse me, sir. Would you mind taking a picture of us?
Yes, I do mind! Why should I take a picture for complete strangers?
You saw that, right? I'll do and say whatever I want from now on.
How obnoxious. That little...
Let's go, baby. I'll treat you to barbecue. Don't let it get to you!
Okay, I won't.
I think your brother is a good prosecutor.
What are you talking about? That's so random.
He proved Do Hak Young's innocence and got him acquitted.
Hey, he just did what he had to do.
Teachers teach students,
the President protects the people,
and prosecutors only prosecute those who committed crimes.
Just doing his duty doesn't make him a good prosecutor.
It's not always easy to do that though.
I learned that from my dad.
My dad was a doctor,
but meeting an ill-intentioned prosecutor...
turned him into a serial killer.
Who's that prosecutor?
You wouldn't know him.
He alters witness statements and fabricates evidence.
That's how he turns innocent people into criminals.
My gosh. You're a lucky man, Mr. Moon.
The hospital staff told me that Lee Hwan...
will donate his organs soon.
That means there will be no autopsy, right?
It'll be game over if they can't do an autopsy.
It'll be concluded as an accidental death.
Don't worry too much even if the case goes to trial.
It'll be easy to get you acquitted as there are many gray areas.
I totally trust you.
Mr. Moon, you should try to find the owner of that hat.
That worries me the most.
Okay, I will.
(Episode 22 will air shortly.)